Add security policy (#7347)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: SECURITY.md

# Security

The PrairieLearn team takes the security of our products and services seriously. Thanks for helping to make PrairieLearn secure for everyone.

## Reporting a vulnerability

> If you believe you have found a vulnerability in any PrairieLearn software, please report it to us via coordinated disclosure. **Do not report suspected vulnerabilities publicly, including through GiHub issues or public Slack channels.** Instead, please send an email to security@prairielearn.com with as much relevant information as possible, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you believe you have found a vulnerability in any PrairieLearn software, please report it to us via coordinated disclosure. **Do not report suspected vulnerabilities publicly, including through GitHub issues or public Slack channels. You should assume that all Slack channels are public unless explicitly stated otherwise.** Instead, please send an email to security@prairielearn.com with as much relevant information as possible, including:
```

Author: I'll just discourage Slack in general:

```suggestion
If you believe you have found a vulnerability in any PrairieLearn software, please report it to us via coordinated disclosure. **Do not report suspected vulnerabilities publicly, including through GitHub issues or Slack.** Instead, please send an email to security@prairielearn.com with as much relevant information as possible, including:
```

> - The type of issue (e.g. SQL injection or cross-site scripting)

Reviewer 2: Pretty common type, may be worth adding?

```suggestion
- The type of issue (e.g. SQL injection, cross-site scripting, or a vulnerability in an official grader)
```
